https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-26272 (#8448)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: search/custom_search_service.adoc

[#customize-search-service]
= Customizing the Search service

> Customize the Search service to improve search results. Set up persistent storage, fine-tune for performance and scalability, or modify certain behaviors through environment variables. Access the search configuration options from the search operator which watches the `search-v2-operator` custom resource, reconciles the changes, and updates active pods.

Reviewer: Customize the Search service to ~~improve search results~~.

This statement is a little misleading because search results won't change.  Typically users will need configure search to fine-tune to their specific environments or scale needs. The next sentence includes some specific reasons.

.Prerequisites

> - Are there any prereqs?

Reviewer: No prereqs, but you should include the **Required access** to match the other file.

.Procedure

Complete the following steps to customize the Search service:

. Modify the default values in the `search-v2-operator` custom resource.
.. To view details of the custom resource, run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get search search-v2-operator -n <acm-namespace> -o yaml
----

.. Configure a persistent volume claim for your clusters that are in production. If the empty directory size is limited for your PostgreSQL database, save your PostgreSQL data on a persistent volume claim to improve search performance.

+
*Notes:*

- When you install {acm-short}, the PostgreSQL database is configured to save the PostgreSQL data in an empty directory (`emptyDir`) volume.

> - To receive information-only alerts about search storage, consider setting up the persistent volume claim for search.

Reviewer: The alert is generated by us to remind users when the PVC is not configured.

Here's more context about the alert, see the Status section "SearchPVCNotPresent"
<img width="2371" height="1002" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7176da05-0932-4a58-ad40-7f42ed354ff2" />

Author: The image isn't displaying

Author: Thanks!

> .. To back up your search data, select a storage class from your {acm-short} hub cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. To persist the search data, select a storage class from your {acm-short} hub cluster.
```

There's no backup. The difference is where the data is stored memory vs. persistent volume. The benefit is that memory is volatile and a persistent volume is well "persistent".
